README.md, before:

# tabnews-scrapy-ia

## Overview

The `tabnews-scrapy-ia` application is designed to scrape content from specified URLs, process the data, and provide summarized results through a FastAPI interface. It leverages Scrapy for web scraping, FastAPI for building the API, and a custom AI summarization module to condense the content.

## Technologies Used

- **Python**: The core programming language.
- **Scrapy**: For web scraping.
- **FastAPI**: To create the API endpoints.
- **Pydantic**: For data validation.
- **Crochet**: To run Scrapy spiders in a non-blocking way.
- **dotenv**: For environment variable management.
- **Logging**: For logging application activities.

## API Endpoints

- **POST /get-by-urls**: Accepts a list of URLs to scrape and returns the summarized content.

## How to Run the Application

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yuripinheirot/tabnews-scrapy-ia
   cd tabnews-scrapy-ia
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**:
   Ensure you have Python installed, then run:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Set Up Environment Variables**:
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your API key:
   ```
   API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

4. **Run the Application**:
   Start the FastAPI server:
   ```bash
   fastapi dev ./src/main.py
   ```

5. **Test the Application**:
   Use the client to test the API. You can use tools like `curl` or Postman to send a POST request to the `/get-by-urls` endpoint with a JSON body containing the URLs you want to scrape.

6. **Access the API Documentation**:
   Visit `http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs` to view the Swagger UI and test the endpoints interactively.

## Testing the Application

To test the application using the client:

1. **Navigate to the Client Directory**:
   ```bash
   cd client
   ```

2. **Open `index.html` in a Browser**:
   This file provides a simple interface to interact with the API.

3. **Enter URLs and Submit**:
   Input the URLs you wish to scrape and click the submit button to see the results.

## Additional Information

- **Logging**: The application logs important events and errors, which can be found in the console output.
- **Error Handling**: The application handles errors gracefully and returns appropriate HTTP status codes and messages.

## Important Configuration

- **API Key**: Ensure that the `X-API-Key` in `client/index.js` matches the `API_KEY` set in your `.env` file. This is crucial for the application to authenticate requests properly.

Commit message:

Revise README.md to enhance clarity and organization by adding emoji icons for section headers, consolidating important configuration details, and specifying the target website for the scraper. This improves user onboarding and documentation.

README.md, after:

# 🚀 tabnews-scrapy-ia

## 📝 Overview

The `tabnews-scrapy-ia` application is designed to scrape content from specified URLs, process the data, and provide summarized results through a FastAPI interface. It leverages Scrapy for web scraping, FastAPI for building the API, and a custom AI summarization module to condense the content.

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **Python**: The core programming language.
- **Scrapy**: For web scraping.
- **FastAPI**: To create the API endpoints.
- **Pydantic**: For data validation.
- **Crochet**: To run Scrapy spiders in a non-blocking way.
- **dotenv**: For environment variable management.
- **Logging**: For logging application activities.

## 🔗 API Endpoints

- **POST /get-by-urls**: Accepts a list of URLs to scrape and returns the summarized content.

## ▶️ How to Run the Application

1. **Clone the Repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yuripinheirot/tabnews-scrapy-ia
   cd tabnews-scrapy-ia
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**:
   Ensure you have Python installed, then run:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Set Up Environment Variables**:
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your API key:
   ```
   API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

4. **Run the Application**:
   Start the FastAPI server:
   ```bash
   fastapi dev ./src/main.py
   ```

5. **Test the Application**:
   Use the client to test the API. You can use tools like `curl` or Postman to send a POST request to the `/get-by-urls` endpoint with a JSON body containing the URLs you want to scrape.

6. **Access the API Documentation**:
   Visit `http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs` to view the Swagger UI and test the endpoints interactively.

## 🔑 Important Configuration

- **API Key**: Ensure that the `X-API-Key` in `client/index.js` matches the `API_KEY` set in your `.env` file. This is crucial for the application to authenticate requests properly.

## 🌐 Target Website

- This scraper is specifically designed for the [TabNews](https://www.tabnews.com.br/) website. 📰✨

## 🧪 Testing the Application

To test the application using the client:

1. **Navigate to the Client Directory**:
   ```bash
   cd client
   ```

2. **Open `index.html` in a Browser**:
   This file provides a simple interface to interact with the API.

3. **Enter URLs and Submit**:
   Input the URLs you wish to scrape and click the submit button to see the results.

## ℹ️ Additional Information

- **Logging**: The application logs important events and errors, which can be found in the console output.
- **Error Handling**: The application handles errors gracefully and returns appropriate HTTP status codes and messages.
